Updates for the 2024-09-09 releases of the server and mc (#1331)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-idp-ldap-accesskey-disable.rst

.. _minio-mc-idp-ldap-accesskey-disable:

=================================
``mc idp ldap accesskey disable``
=================================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. mc:: mc idp ldap accesskey disable

Description
-----------

.. start-mc-idp-ldap-accesskey-disable-desc

> :mc:`mc idp ldap accesskey disable` disables the specified access key on the local server.

Reviewer: local server -> MinIO deployment?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mc:`mc idp ldap accesskey disable` disables the specified access key on the MinIO deployment.

This command has no affect on access keys associated to non-AD/LDAP users.
```

Reviewer: Also maybe link access key to `minio-id-access-keys` ?

Reviewer: Not sure if line 24 is necessary - technically AD/LDAP should disable MinIO IAM, but the root user can still have access keys.

.. end-mc-idp-ldap-accesskey-disable-desc

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: EXAMPLE

>          The following example disables the access key ``mykey`` from the ``minio`` deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         The following example disables the access key ``mykey`` on the ``minio`` deployment:
```

Author: I thought I'd caught all of those. Thanks.
